Add how to check unlock conditions and more warnings (#1971)
iotaledger/wallet.rs: documentation/docs/_admonitions/_warning_unlock_conditions.md

:::warning Unlock Conditions

> Outputs may have multiple [UnlockConditions](https://github.com/iotaledger/tips/blob/main/tips/TIP-0018/tip-0018.md#unlock-conditions) which may require returning some or all of the amount, which could expire if not claimed in time, or which may not be unlockable for a very long time.
> To get only outputs with the `AddressUnlockCondition` alone that do not require additional ownership checks, synchronize with `syncOnlyMostBasicOutputs: true`. When synchronizing also other outputs, the unlock conditions must be carefully checked before crediting users any balance.
> 
> An example how to check if an output has only the address unlock condition, where the address belongs to the account, can be found [here](../how_tos/outputs_and_transactions/06_check_unlock_conditions.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Outputs may have multiple [UnlockConditions](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/introduction/explanations/what_is_stardust/unlock_conditions/), which may require [returning some or all of the transferred amount](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/introduction/explanations/what_is_stardust/unlock_conditions/#storage-deposit-return). The outputs could also [expire if not claimed in time](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/introduction/explanations/what_is_stardust/unlock_conditions/#expiration), or may not be [unlockable for a predefined period](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/introduction/explanations/what_is_stardust/unlock_conditions/#timelock).

To get outputs with only the [`AddressUnlockCondition`](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/introduction/explanations/what_is_stardust/unlock_conditions/#address), you should synchronize with the option `syncOnlyMostBasicOutputs: true`. 

If you are synchronizing outputs with other unlock conditions, you should check the unlock conditions carefully before crediting users any balance.

You can find an example illustrating how to check if an output has only the address unlock condition, where the address belongs to the account in the [Check Unlock Conditions how-to guide](../how_tos/outputs_and_transactions/06_check_unlock_conditions.mdx).

```

Reviewer: Alternatively, with links to the tip in the wiki:

```suggestion
Outputs may have multiple [UnlockConditions](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/tips/tips/TIP-0018/#unlock-conditions), which may require [returning some or all of the transferred amount](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/tips/tips/TIP-0018/#storage-deposit-return-unlock-condition). The outputs could also [expire if not claimed in time](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/tips/tips/TIP-0018/#expiration-unlock-condition), or may not be [unlockable for a predefined period](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/tips/tips/TIP-0018/#timelock-unlock-condition).

To get outputs with only the [`AddressUnlockCondition`](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/tips/tips/TIP-0018/#address-unlock-condition), you should synchronize with the option `syncOnlyMostBasicOutputs: true`.

If you are synchronizing outputs with other unlock conditions, you should check the unlock conditions carefully before crediting users any balance.

You can find an example illustrating how to check if an output has only the address unlock condition, where the address belongs to the account in the [Check Unlock Conditions how-to guide](../how_tos/outputs_and_transactions/06_check_unlock_conditions.mdx).
```
